#Write-up

The experiment that I am interested in replicating is **"How Will I Be Remembered? Conserving the Environment for the Sake of One's Legacy"** (Zaval, Markowitz, and Weber, 2015). The paper shows that priming legacy motives leads to changes in environmental behavior intentions.

This paper ties in well with both the methodology used in my own studies, and my research interests. The study's methodology uses initial prime that affects the mindset of participants, which affects future decision-making. This methodology is common within my area of interest (broadly speaking, hedonic experiences and choice). In addition, in terms of topic area, one of my broader interests is how to encourage people to make more meaningful decisions, which includes future-oriented decisions such as conserving the environment.

In the experiment, participants are randomly assigned to one of two conditions: legacy or control. In the legacy condition, participants write what they want to be remembered for, and to think about ways in which they would like to have a positive impact on future generations. The control condition did not include this step. Participants then complete a questionnaire assessing their beliefs about climate change, willingness to take proenvironmental action, a donation opportunity, and a measure of legacy motives. 

One challenge of replicating a project like this one, that is so dependent on priming, is the delicacy of this sort of manipulation. Often, priming manipulations must be replicated exactly in order to see an effect, and subtle differences that may seem unimportant can change whether the manipulation works as intended. Luckily, this paper is a model of best-practices, and provides both open data and open materials. These practices greatly decrease the challenge of methodologically understanding how to replicate the experiment, as they provide both the exact text and the exact methodology. So then, the main challenge is programming the experiment and accurately completing the data analysis with a clean and understandable workflow. As a first year PhD student with relatively little programming experience, this project is therefore sufficiently challenging based on my skill set.
